---
title: Charles Robson Named General Chair of 2019 PGA Championship at Bethpage Black
championship(s):
  - pga-championship
photo_image: /uploads/bethpage-black-2019-pga-1024x576.jpg
posted_date: 2017-05-02 00:00:00
summary_markdown:
source:
author: PGA of America
layout: press-release
---

PALM BEACH GARDENS, Fla. – The PGA of America announced today that Charles Robson of Garden City, New York, who spent 43 years as executive director of the Metropolitan PGA Section, has been named General Chair of the 2019 PGA Championship.<br><br>The 101st PGA Championship will make its first visit to Bethpage State Park’s Black Course in Farmingdale, New York.<br><br>Robson, 67, served the Metropolitan PGA Section from 1973 to 2016 by representing 700-plus PGA Members and 100 apprentices. Robson has worked with an experienced Bethpage State Park staff, led by PGA Director of Golf Joe Rehor, which supported two U.S. Opens and two Fedex Cup Playoff events.<br><br>“The PGA of America is extremely fortunate that Charlie Robson will serve as General Chair for what we anticipate will be one of our greatest PGA Championships,” said PGA of America CEO Pete Bevacqua. “Charlie’s record of service to the PGA Member and the respect by which he is held within our Association and throughout the Metropolitan New York area are unquestioned. Charlie will guide an outstanding team in preparing for the 2019 PGA Championship at Bethpage.”<br><br>The PGA Championship General Chair serves as an ambassador for golf and the Championship, and leads a committee composed of 70 Chairpersons.<br><br>“I am excited about the opportunity to be working with so many great people at Bethpage Black and those who will make up the committee and volunteers,” said Robson. “There’s no doubt in my mind that Bethpage Black deserves to be in the top 100 public and private golf courses in the world. There are few municipal facilities like it anywhere.<br><br>“The people at Bethpage take great pride in growing the game of golf. It’s exciting to have been involved in bringing a PGA Championship to Bethpage and later a Ryder Cup (2024). I look forward to helping make the PGA Championship in 2019 one of the best ever.”<br><br>Robson, 67, was born just 10 miles from Bethpage State Park in Mineola, New York, and grew up in Manhasset. He is a 1972 graduate of Washington & Lee University in Lexington, Virginia. Robson began working for the Metropolitan PGA Section in November 1972 and retired on Dec. 31, 2016.<br><br>During his term as Metropolitan PGA Executive Director, Robson oversaw many premier Section events at Bethpage Black including the New York State Open and the Metropolitan PGA Championship.<br>​<br>Bethpage Black, designed by A.W. Tillinghast in 1936, was host to the 2002 and 2009 U.S. Open. It has been a regular member on Golf Digest’s roster of America’s 100 Greatest Golf Courses and GOLF Magazine named it one of the top 100 courses in the world.