---
title: PGA to Conduct KPMG Women's PGA Championship & PGA Championship at Aronimink
championship(s):
  - kpmg-womens-pga-championship
  - pga-championship
photo_image: /uploads/aronimink-10-1024x576.jpg
posted_date: 2017-11-17 00:00:00
summary_markdown:
source:
author: PGA of America
layout: press-release
---

PALM BEACH GARDENS, Fla. – The PGA of America announced today that Aronimink Golf Club in Newtown Square, Pennsylvania, will host the 2020 KPMG Women’s PGA Championship and the 2027 PGA Championship.<br><br>Founded in 1896, Aronimink has hosted a number of significant golf events during its storied history, including the 1962 PGA Championship (won by Gary Player), the 1977 U.S. Amateur (John Fought) and the 2003 KitchenAid Senior PGA Championship (John Jacobs). Aronimink was also the site of the PGA TOUR’s AT&T National in 2010 (Justin Rose) and ’11 (Nick Watney). The BMW Championship will be staged there in ‘18.<br><br>With this announcement, Aronimink becomes the first venue to stage each of the PGA of America’s three rotating major championships (PGA Championship, KitchenAid Senior PGA Championship, KPMG Women’s PGA Championship).<br><br>“The PGA of America is thrilled to return major championship golf to Aronimink Golf Club,” said PGA of America President Paul Levy. “We’re certain that the best players in the world – both men and women – will be pleased, and, when the time comes, sufficiently challenged by one of America’s special layouts. We’re excited to twice celebrate golf and to plug into the enthusiasm for sport that Philadelphia is famous for.”<br><br>The KPMG Women’s Championship is a collaboration between the PGA of America, LPGA and KPMG, and focuses on the development, advancement and empowerment of women on and off the golf course. Formerly known as the LPGA Championship, the KPMG Women’s PGA Championship includes a women’s leadership summit (KPMG Women’s Leadership Summit) and an ongoing charitable initiative (KPMG Future Leaders Program) designed to inspire and develop new generations of women leaders.<br><br>“Through the KPMG Women’s PGA Championship, we continue to elevate women on and off the golf course. Aronimink Golf Club will provide another top caliber course on which the world’s best women golfers can compete,” said Lynne Doughtie, KPMG U.S. Chairman and CEO. “To help more women in business advance to the C-suite, the KPMG Women’s Leadership Summit provides next-generation women leaders with high-impact leadership development content, networking, and access to inspirational leaders.”<br><br>“We couldn’t be happier to take the KPMG Women’s PGA Championship to the great state of Pennsylvania and the storied Aronimink Golf Club,” said LPGA Commissioner Mike Whan. “This Championship continues to elevate the stage for women’s golf and we are very pleased to provide the best players in the world the opportunity to compete at a distinguished venue with an established, rich history of hosting golf championships at the highest levels.”<br><br>The PGA Championship is the only all-professional major in men’s golf. It began in 1916, just months after the birth of the PGA of America, and today features one of the deepest international fields in golf. Since 1994, it has perennially featured the most top-100 players in the Official World Golf Rankings of all golf Championships.<br><br>During the 1962 PGA Championship at Aronimink, Gary Player claimed the third of his nine career majors as he held off a late charge from Bob Goalby to win by one shot. Jack Nicklaus finished in a tie for third place – two behind Player – in his PGA Championship debut.<br><br>Aronimink’s golf course was designed by Donald Ross in 1926. During the Club’s Centennial Year in 1996, a plaque was unveiled behind the first tee, sharing a 1948 quote from Ross pertaining to his work at Aronimink: "I intended to make this my masterpiece, but not until today did I realize that I built better than I knew.”<br><br>“The membership of Aronimink welcomes the PGA of America back to the site of Gary Player’s 1962 PGA Championship,” said Joe Fabrizio, Aronimink President. “We are very excited to be the host venue for these two great championship events. Our golf course, recently restored to Donald Ross’ original design, will be a true test of golf for both the women and men.”<br><br>For more information about the PGA of America, visit PGAMediaCenter.com, follow @PGA on Twitter and find us on Facebook.<br><br>For more information about KPMG, visit womensleadership.kpmg.us/<br><br>For more information about the LPGA, visit LPGA.com, follow @LPGA on Twitter or find the organization on Facebook.

### FUTURE SITES (as of Fall 2017)

#### KPMG WOMEN’S PGA CHAMPIONSHIP

2018 - Kemper Lakes Golf Club, Kildeer, Illinois<br>2019 - Hazeltine National Golf Club, Chaska, Minnesota<br>2020 - Aronimink Golf Club, Newtown Square, Pennsylvania

#### PGA CHAMPIONSHIP

2018 - Bellerive Country Club, St. Louis, Missouri<br>2019 - Bethpage Black, Farmingdale, New York<br>2020 - Harding Park, San Francisco, California<br>2021 - The Ocean Course, Kiawah Island (South Carolina) Golf Resort<br>2022 - Trump National Golf Club, Bedminster, New Jersey<br>2023 - Oak Hill Country Club, Rochester, New York<br>2027 - Aronimink Golf Club, Newtown Square, Pennsylvania<br>2028 - The Olympic Club, San Francisco, California<br>2024-30\* - Southern Hills Country Club, Tulsa, Oklahoma<br>\* Date to be announced