---
title: >-
  PGA to Conduct 2024 PGA Championship, 2018 Boys Junior PGA Championship at
  Valhalla Golf Club
championship(s):
  - boys-junior-pga-championship
  - pga-championship
photo_image: /uploads/1158611858.jpg
posted_date: 2017-11-16 00:00:00
summary_markdown: >-
  The PGA of America announced today that Valhalla Golf Club in Louisville,
  Kentucky, will host the 2024 PGA Championship, as well as the 2018 Boys Junior
  PGA Championship.
source:
author: PGA of America
layout: press-release
---

PALM BEACH GARDENS, Fla. – The PGA of America announced today that Valhalla Golf Club in Louisville, Kentucky, will host the 2024 PGA Championship, as well as the 2018 Boys Junior PGA Championship.<br><br>The 106th PGA Championship – to be played in May of 2024 – will be the fourth major championship contested at Valhalla. That will bring Valhalla equal to Oak Hill Country Club in Rochester, New York and Southern Hills Country Club in Tulsa, Oklahoma for the most PGA Championships contested at a single venue.<br><br>Designed by golf legend Jack Nicklaus and opened in 1986, Valhalla has already established itself as one of golf’s memorable stages.<br><br>In the PGA Championship’s most-recent visit to Valhalla, in 2014, Rory McIlroy battled soggy conditions and impending darkness to emerge from a pack of four to best Phil Mickelson by a single shot, and Rickie Fowler and Henrik Stenson by two.<br><br>During the PGA Championship’s visit in 2000, Tiger Woods defeated Bob May by a stroke in a three-hole cumulative score playoff, which occurred after both players birdied the 72nd hole. Valhalla made its major-championship debut in 1996, when Mark Brooks edged Kentuckian Kenny Perry in a one-hole playoff.<br><br>Valhalla has also hosted the Ryder Cup in 2008 (16½-11½ triumph for the United States) and the KitchenAid Senior PGA Championship in 2004 (Hale Irwin) and 2011 (Tom Watson).<br><br>“We’re always proud to return the PGA Championship to Valhalla and the city of Louisville,” said PGA of America President Paul Levy. “In the last 30 or so years, Valhalla has hosted an abundance of historical moments penned by some of the game’s greatest champions. It’s been a remarkable run and we’re anxious to experience just what Valhalla’s next chapter has in store.”<br><br>The 43rd Boys Junior PGA Championship – which will be contested July 31-August 3, 2018 – will be the first PGA of America junior championship played at Valhalla.<br><br>One of golf’s major championships for juniors, the Boys Junior PGA Championship is where some of the game’s top talents cut their competitive teeth, including Louisville native and reigning PGA Champion Justin Thomas, Jordan Spieth, Tiger Woods, Phil Mickelson, Stewart Cink, Trevor Immelman, Justin Leonard, David Toms and Scott Verplank.<br><br>The previously-announced Girls Junior PGA Championship will be played July 9-12, 2018, at Kearney Hill Golf Links in nearby Lexington, Kentucky.<br><br>In 2018, both the Boys and Girls Junior PGA Championships will provide a final opportunity for America’s top juniors to earn exemptions or points toward the Junior Ryder Cup, which will be played in September and feature a 12-player United States of America team that will compete against a European squad at Disneyland Paris in France.<br><br>The U.S. Junior Ryder Cup Team, which will be seeking its sixth consecutive victory, will consist of six boys and six girls who are United States citizens and are in the high school graduating class of 2019, or younger.<br><br>For more information about the PGA of America, visit PGAMediaCenter.com, follow @PGA on Twitter and find us on Facebook.  <br><br>FUTURE SITES (as of Fall 2017)<br>PGA CHAMPIONSHIP<br><br>2018 - Bellerive Country Club, St. Louis, Missouri<br>2019 - Bethpage Black, Farmingdale, New York<br>2020 - Harding Park, San Francisco, California<br>2021 - The Ocean Course, Kiawah Island (South Carolina) Golf Resort<br>2022 - Trump National Golf Club, Bedminster, New Jersey<br>2023 - Oak Hill Country Club, Rochester, New York<br>2024 - Valhalla Golf Club, Louisville, Kentucky<br>2027 - Aronimink Golf Club, Newtown Square, Pennsylvania<br>2028 - The Olympic Club, San Francisco, California<br>2025-30\* - Southern Hills Country Club, Tulsa, Oklahoma<br>\* Date to be announced